

    Given that the dataset will be sourced from different agencies, I recommend completing the data engineering phase within one week. 
	Afterwards, prepare an Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) report that includes uni-variate and bi-variate analyses. 
	The report can be in either PDF or HTML format and to be uploaded to your GitHub account. 
	The main objective is to ensure that the working dataset is adequate to answer the proposed research questions.
    I would also suggest linking your tentative research questions to the machine-learning techniques you plan to use. 
	For example, by which methods do you expect to find an answer to the first question?  
    Finally, check whether these datasets or similar ones have been used in previous research. 
	This could help you to know more additional aspects about the topic under study and potentially improve your research. 
	Notably, replicating past research is acceptable in this project course.






    Given that the dataset will be sourced from different agencies, 
	I recommend completing the data engineering phase within one week. 
	Afterwards, prepare an Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) report that includes uni-variate and bi-variate analyses. 
	
	The report can be in either PDF or HTML format and to be uploaded to your GitHub account. 
	
	The main objective is to ensure that the working dataset is adequate to answer the proposed research questions.
    I would also suggest linking your tentative research questions to the machine-learning techniques you plan to use. 
	For example, by which methods do you expect to find an answer to the first question?  
    Finally, check whether these datasets or similar ones have been used in previous research. 
	This could help you to know more additional aspects about the topic under study and potentially improve your research. 
	Notably, replicating past research is acceptable in this project course.



Points to revise:


1. An adequate number of research papers have been examined.
2. The relevance of cited articles to the project's topic has been evaluated, determining whether they addressed similar cases.
3. Each paper has been clearly and concisely summarized to demonstrate its connection to the project's topic.
4. The data has been cleaned, summary statistics provided, and attributes mentioned. Correlation (if relevant) between features has also been explored.
5. The research questions are explicitly stated and appropriate for the project's objectives.
6. Any abnormal data has been identified and documented using relevant tools, and a link to the working dataset has been added.
7. Clear and relevant comments on the data have been provided.
8. Past research has been employed to determine the techniques to be applied.
9. A comprehensive methodology has been presented.
10. The report has been structured and maintains consistency in its presentation.


- Which factors affect the population size in predictive models
- The question is how to set up the algorithm to work all the variables against 2 fields ( country, year )
- Multiple linear regression

For each country I have the collective information from years 1950 to 2021

- Feature selector, which is the most important predictors

- Filter based: multicolinearity correlations

wrappers : 

- embedded techniques or hibrids 

- stratify clustering based on country  

- fuature selection technique which factors are more important

check with library 

study reduction, backward elimination

--------





--------
Hello Carlos,
Please upload all the project work you like to share with me into this folder.
That includes:
- Abstract
- Dataset
- Literature Review
- Initial Results
- Codes and programs
- Presentation slides
- Any other related work

Please submit these items as they become available and let me know.. I uploaded the files I received from you so far

Thanks

Riyad

